# Code
```C++
class Solution {
public:
    int uniqueMorseRepresentations(vector<string>& words) {
        string morse[26] = {".-","-...","-.-.","-..",".","..-.","--.","....","..",".---","-.-",".-..","--","-.","---",".--.","--.-",".-.","...","-","..-","...-",".--","-..-","-.--","--.."};
        
        unordered_map<string, int> uMap;
        
        for(string word : words){
            string morseWord = "";
            for(char letter: word){
                int ascii = letter;
                ascii -= 97;
                morseWord = morseWord + morse[ascii];
            }
            uMap[morseWord]++; 
        }
        return uMap.size();
    }
};
```

### Description
International Morse Code defines a standard encoding where each letter is mapped to a series of dots and dashes, as follows:

-   `'a'` maps to `".-"`,
-   `'b'` maps to `"-..."`,
-   `'c'` maps to `"-.-."`, and so on.

For convenience, the full table for the `26` letters of the English alphabet is given below:

[".-","-...","-.-.","-..",".","..-.","--.","....","..",".---","-.-",".-..","--","-.","---",".--.","--.-",".-.","...","-","..-","...-",".--","-..-","-.--","--.."]

Given an array of strings `words` where each word can be written as a concatenation of the Morse code of each letter.

-   For example, `"cab"` can be written as `"-.-..--..."`, which is the concatenation of `"-.-."`, `".-"`, and `"-..."`. We will call such a concatenation the **transformation** of a word.

Return _the number of different **transformations** among all words we have_.

**Example 1:**

**Input:** words = ["gin","zen","gig","msg"]
**Output:** 2
**Explanation:** The transformation of each word is:
"gin" -> "--...-."
"zen" -> "--...-."
"gig" -> "--...--."
"msg" -> "--...--."
There are 2 different transformations: "--...-." and "--...--.".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** words = ["a"]
**Output:** 1

**Constraints:**

-   `1 <= words.length <= 100`
-   `1 <= words[i].length <= 12`
-   `words[i]` consists of lowercase English letters.

# Notes
- Overall a pretty simple solution that only involves converting letters to their coresponding morse code. To get the correct index of the letter we just get the ascii number of the char and subtract 97 from it (ascii 97 is 'a' and all alphabetical letters in the alphabet follow after this so 98 is 'b' ... so on so fourth). We then just cacatenate the morse "chars" together throw them in an hashmap (if the input is the same then the hashmap wont get bigget, but if it is different it will get bigger for a new entry). Then by returning the size of the hash map we get how many different morse codes there were.

# Run Time / Space Time
Run time - O(n) -> n being each char
Space time - O(k) -> k being the number of works we have