# Code
```C++
class MyCalendarThree {
    map<int, int> timeline;
public:
    MyCalendarThree() {
        
    }
    
    int book(int start, int end) {
        timeline[start]++;
        timeline[end]--;
        int ongoing = 0, k =0;
        for(pair<int, int> t:timeline){
            k = max(k, ongoing += t.second);
        }
        return k;
    }
};

/**
 * Your MyCalendarThree object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * MyCalendarThree* obj = new MyCalendarThree();
 * int param_1 = obj->book(start,end);
 */
```

### Description
A `k`-booking happens when `k` events have some non-empty intersection (i.e., there is some time that is common to all `k` events.)

You are given some events `[start, end)`, after each given event, return an integer `k` representing the maximum `k`-booking between all the previous events.

Implement the `MyCalendarThree` class:

-   `MyCalendarThree()` Initializes the object.
-   `int book(int start, int end)` Returns an integer `k` representing the largest integer such that there exists a `k`-booking in the calendar.

**Example 1:**

**Input**
["MyCalendarThree", "book", "book", "book", "book", "book", "book"]
[[], [10, 20], [50, 60], [10, 40], [5, 15], [5, 10], [25, 55]]
**Output**
[null, 1, 1, 2, 3, 3, 3]

**Explanation**
MyCalendarThree myCalendarThree = new MyCalendarThree();
myCalendarThree.book(10, 20); // return 1, The first event can be booked and is disjoint, so the maximum k-booking is a 1-booking.
myCalendarThree.book(50, 60); // return 1, The second event can be booked and is disjoint, so the maximum k-booking is a 1-booking.
myCalendarThree.book(10, 40); // return 2, The third event [10, 40) intersects the first event, and the maximum k-booking is a 2-booking.
myCalendarThree.book(5, 15); // return 3, The remaining events cause the maximum K-booking to be only a 3-booking.
myCalendarThree.book(5, 10); // return 3
myCalendarThree.book(25, 55); // return 3

# Notes
Pretty clever solution. The idea is to put all events into a sorted map and to iterate every event by +=1 or -=1 for when the event starts and ends. Since the map is sorted we now know how many events are not disjointed and we just take the max between the current k and how many events are currently overlapping.
# Run Time / Space Time
Run time - O(n)
Space time - O(n)